Ouch Chu Chu
Even if you don't come to me, I will come to you
What's the matter, Omori can't say a word?
Did something happen to Su Wanjing?
How do you know that?
Have I lived in your house for that long after all?
There are some things I know a little bit about
Yeah.
Well, it doesn't matter, Chu Chu
I understand you
Really, Omori, you understand me too well, right?
Buy gold coins and kidnap
It seems that nine times out of ten, it has nothing to do with him
Chu Chu
In fact, the person I like has always been you
Really, Omori?
That Su Wanqing?
Since becoming a company secretary
You fiddled with the finances.
I want to transfer the company's funds
I discovered it early on
But to stabilize him
I really can't help it.
That's why I pretended to kick you out
Sorry Chu Chu
I also want to be more realistic
So I never told you.
Omori
I almost thought you didn't want me anymore. How could it be?
But now
I have mastered Su Wan
Clear all the evidence of the crime
I'm going to take him to the police station
But he seems to have known in advance
It seems that he is going to run away early.
He also directed and starred in a kidnapping scene
He opened his mouth for 50 million
Hmph, is it really a lion?
Brother Omori, don't be angry
I have a way
Do you really have a way?
Chu Chu, I tied him up, really?